Add compute docs (#24)
spheronFdn/docs: pages/compute/cluster.mdx

import { Callout } from "nextra-theme-docs";
import Navigation from "components/navigation";

# Cluster

## Deploy from Docker Hub

Spheron allows you to create a new cluster with a custom docker image.

> To learn how to upload your docker image to docker hub, [click here](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/04_sharing_app/). \

Reviewer: Make it as a note

6. Click **Deploy** to initiate deployment without additional configuration.

<Callout>
  **Troubleshoot:** You can change your plan by clicking Change Plan above the
  selected plan.
</Callout>

<Callout type="info">
  **NOTE:** Spheron supports only public docker images at the moment.
</Callout>

### Additional Configuration

#### Port Mapping

Port Mapping is used to direct incoming traffic from the outside world to a specific container port, which is then exposed as an external port.
For example, suppose you have a container running a web server that is listening on port 8080, but you want to expose it to the public internet on port 80.
By mapping port 80 to the container port 8080, incoming traffic on port 80 is automatically directed to the web server running inside the container on port 8080.
This way, users can access the web server by using its public IP address and the exposed port number.

Port Mapping is required for deployment. To create a new port mapping:

1. Click **New Port Mapping** under `Additional Configuration`.
2. Add the container port, and Select the exposed port you want to map it to.

#### Environment Variables

> Spheron allows you to add environment variables while configuring your deployment.

Reviewer: Add a note that `when you enable secret, it will not be saved in the database.`

They contain information such as directory paths, or credentials.
To configure these variables:

1. Click **New Variable** under `Additional Configuration` to add new environment variable.
2. Add key and value. Use the **Secret Key** toggle if the value is a secret key.

#### Region

Region refers to specific geographic locations where where a cloud service provider (CSP) has its data centers and computing resources.
By choosing a region closer to your users, you can improve performance and reduce latency.
Spheron offers the following regions for you to choose from:

> - us-east

Reviewer: Add `any` as well, which can deploy the container in any region. Add a note of it

2. Click **New Command** to add a new command.
3. Click **New Argument** to add a new argument.

#### Health Checkup

Health Checkup is critical to monitor the reliability and performance of your instance.
It helps minimize downtime and provides a better user experience.
To configure Health Checkup:

1. Click **Health Checkup** under `Additional Configuration`.
2. Add the desired health check path and health check port.

## Deploy from Marketplace App

Spheron allows you to deploy a compute instance pre-installed with various applications, all set up and ready to use on the Akash Network.
To deploy a marketplace app:

1. Click **New Cluster** on the top right corner.
2. Select **Select marketplace app**.
3. Pick your desired template from the marketplace.
4. Spheron will automatically select the recommended plan for the specific template.
5. If you want to change the plan, Click **Change Plan**.
6. Select the instance plan that suits your needs, and Click **Select Plan**.
7. Click **Deploy** to initiate deployment without additional configuration.

### Additional Configuration

#### Region

> Region refers to specific geographic locations where where a cloud service provider (CSP) has its data centers and computing resources.

Reviewer: don't need to write it 2 time, just reference to the 1st section

import { Callout } from "nextra-theme-docs";
import Navigation from "components/navigation";

# Cluster

## Deploy from Docker Hub

Spheron allows you to create a new cluster with a custom docker image.
To create a cluster:

1. Click **New Cluster** on the top right corner.
2. Select **Import from Docker Hub**.
3. Enter the names for your cluster and docker image.
4. Then, Add the tag and Click **Next**.
5. Select the instance plan that suits your needs and Click **Select Plan**.
6. Click **Deploy** to initiate deployment without additional configuration.

<Callout>
  **Troubleshoot:** You can change your plan by clicking Change Plan above the
  selected plan.
</Callout>

<Callout type="info">
  **NOTE:** \
  1\. Spheron supports only public docker images at the moment. \

>   2\. Learn how to upload your docker image to docker hub [here](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/04_sharing_app/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2\. Learn how to dockerize your server and push the docker image to the docker hub [here](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/02_our_app/).
```
